ctor was found alongside Betsy Arakawa and their dog at their home in New Mexico yesterday. Entertainment journalist Caroline Frost has told the news. Frost has told LBC they had been spotted out recently. They've been photographed in recent times. He was not a young man. He was looking frail but happy in the last few months when he was last photographed. But he retired a long time ago now. He retired probably left us all wanting more when he did disappear from the screen in the early 2000s. He said it was down to stress and medical advice and doctors had said you're putting yourself through too much. In the city a short time ago the FTSE 100 was trading up 24 points at 87.56. The pound buys $1.26 and one year wrote 21. LBC weather mostly dry tonight with some isolated showers in the far northwest, a low of minus three largely dry tomorrow with sunny spells cloud building in the northwest later and light rain moving in overnight highs of 10 degrees from global's new dream for LBC I'm Amelia Cox. This is LBC from global leading Britain's conversation with Tom Swarbrick. Five past four the time hello good afternoon welcome to the Tom Swarbrick show on LBC hope we find you very well this Thursday coming up it is essential that the BBC maintains the highest standards of reporting the BBC defended by its best-paid stars over a so-called documentary on Gaza that wasn't wholly open about who was in it nor what they said will hear from an Israeli government spokesperson plus ve the potential to blow up this press conference and create a huge transatlantic round of course Donald Trump has been no stranger to causing a round the world stage in the last couple of weeks we've heard him get into that extremely high profile spat with President Zelensky of course the two are at odds over the Ukraine peace agreement exactly what it's going to look like those troops on the ground and of course defence spending too and of course Prime Minister Kiroslav hope to get ahead of that just a couple of days ago by announcing that we will be spending 2.5% of GDP on defence and just in the last few minutes we've been hearing from the White House a senior Trump spokesperson has told us that they are very pleased with Prime Minister Stammer's announcement to increase spending to 2.5% which is obviously good news however the president does continue to urge our NATO allies. Minister Stammer's announcement to increase spending to 2.5% which is obviously good news however the president does continue to urge our NATO allies to increase spending to 2.5% it's nowhere near enough that's the message coming from the White House in the last few minutes Tom. So we've got about an hour before the arrival and then we think there's going to be words at the top before a meeting and then a press conference later on this evening is that the the plan? Yes the plan is Kirsten will arrive here in around an hour's time and we will see him arriving here at the White House that will be on camera the pair will then be rushed into the Oval Office where again we will see them talking side by side just like you saw Emmanuel Macron and President Trump do earlier this week and if if President Trump is in the chatty mood that he was earlier this week that will be something to buy onald Trump and Keir Starmer, I'm joined by a panel of hugely experienced politicians and diplomats. Join me at 6. Tonight with Andrew Maher from 6pm. Druma from 6 p.m. Listen on your radio and global player LBC. The Cooper drive event is back. Test drive one of our award-winning models and you'll enjoy up to \u00a31,000 off your new CUPRA in addition to existing offers. Just order before the 31st of March and take delivery by the 30th of June. Experience the 100% electric CUPRA Taviscan, our bold new SUV Follow your impulse. Search Cooper drive event. Tee's and see's and exclusion supply UK retail customers 18 plus. Saving includes that apply to one the road or manufacturer's direct price. New vehicles are participating retailers only. Call Tom Swarbrick 0345 6060 973 LBC